What brings you here today?
I don't know what to do, I feel very overwhelmed
My boyfriend just broke up with me 
I'm falling behind in school and I feel like I'm a failure
I feel like I'm losing everyone I care about and I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
My life is falling apart
I feel so numb. I feel absolutely nothing for anything or anyone. I want everything to go away.
I have everything I've ever wanted and I still can't help but feel so empty.
I feel like I'm constantly on the verge of tears. I don't even know why and I feel like I can't really explain it to anyone. I hate it so much.
I'm so depressed and I feel so exhausted all of the time. I am having trouble even getting up in the morning. Last year was hell and this year doesn't seem like it will be different.
Another friend just abandoned me. He always comes up with excuses when I ask to hangout. He's hanging out with different people and it's so painful. I feel so alone. What is wrong with me?
I am struggling, hard core, with keeping up in school due to my depression. It takes so much out of me to go to school for 5 hours a day, even though I only have class twice a week. I don’t want my grades to slip, but most of my classes require attendance and I’m hardly ever going because I just can’t bring myself to even get out of bed.
I feel really depressed
I've tried everything I can to feel better and nothing is working. I feel so hopeless.
For the longest time I've felt like the reason I'm so sad and anxious all the time was because I've never been in a good situation. Now things are looking up: I'm hanging out with friends, I've gotten accepted into trade school, I'm getting the job I want. But amongst all of this good. I still feel empty and afraid.
I don't know who I am anymore.
I feel like nobody cares about me.
It's like I'm in a battle with my mind at all times lately. I sound so stupid, but I physically CANNOT do anything that I need to do. I get up and walk outside my room, look around, sense of dread fills me up after thinking about how my day will play out, back to bed I go.
I feel so hopeless.
I feel so alone right now. I feel like I don't really matter to anyone. I try so hard to be a good person and nice to everyone, but now I'm just starting to doubt that even matters, because I feel like I never get anything back.
I think for a long time I’ve been in denial about my depression and anxiety and have very recently come to terms with it. I guess I don’t really know what I’m trying to get out of this but I just feel like the biggest piece of shit. Nothing makes me happy anymore. I cry myself to sleep every night. I can’t do anything beneficial for myself the littlest things have become chores. Work is the only reason I shower anymore. I just want to lay down and die. I’m just at a complete loss.
It seems as though you are feeling ______. Is this correct?
Yeah I guess
Yep
Not really
No I feel really angry
No, I would probably say that's way off. I'm just feeling overwhelmed right now.
I guess so.. 
Any thoughts on what lead to feeling like this?
My best friend won't talk to me and I don't even know why. The last time we hungout everthing seemed like it was fine, but now she won't text or call me back. I don't know if I did something and it's really stressing me out.
My best friend passed away at the beginning of the month and this is the first time anyone close to me has died. I feel like I've been on autopilot since then. I have a good friend group and everything, but I feel so empty all of the time. Everything seems dull and lifeless.
My cat died yesterday. I had her for 10 years and I'm just so upset over it. I feel like I'll never have a cat as great as her. She always kept me company and was waiting for me when I got home.
I failed an exam and I feel like I'm behind on all of my other work too. 
Yeah.. like I said, my boyfriend broke up with me
I don't really know. I guess I don't have anything to be upset about.
Not really. I'm so depressed and I literally have no idea why. Nothing seems to make me happy anymore.
My mom died last year and everything has been really different since then.
I tried to reach out to my ex boyfriend to say sorry for the things I did and he didn't even bother replying. Looking back the message sounds stupid and I really regret sending it.
Have you tried to seek out help?
Yeah, I've tried pretty much everything.. Exercise, therapy, hanging out with friends... Nothing works. I just feel hopeless.
I phoned a crisis line last week when I was feeling really down.
No, I don't even know where to start. I don't want to be on medication and feel numb to everything. All doctors do is just perscribe you anti-depressants.
I joined a support group for people going through the same thing, but I found it just made me more upset.
I don't want any help
I've seen a doctor.
No, I'm really scared. 
Yes I have
Yes, my parents took me to the doctors but they just perscribed me anti-depressants and they aren't working.
No, I want to reach out but my parents are super unsupportive. They don't believe in mental illness and think I'm just being ridiculous.
Yes, nothing helped
Yes, nothing worked
I did and it helped for awhile. I talked to a counselor but she went on leave and now I don't have anyone.
No, I don't really know where to start 
I've gotten help in the past but I haven't gotten help recently.
I've been to a couple different therapists but they have all been very bad.
Have you been having any thoughts of hurting yourself or others?
No
Yes
I'm thinking about hurting someone else.
I'm thinking of killing myself tonight
Yes, I'm having suicidal thoughts
No I haven't thought of suicide
No, I don't have those thoughts
All I think about it killing myself.
Well I have thoughts about suicide, but I don't plan on going through with anything.
I don't know..
I think about it every day.
We can focus on your goals or we can work on challenging some of the negative thoughts you are having. What would you like to try?
Negative thoughts
Goals
Neither
None
Can you identify one negative thought you are having? You can write it out now.
I feel like I'm a failure
I can't seem to do anything right.
I'd be better off dead
I'm not a good friend and that's why nobody wants to talk to me.
There's no hope for me or my future.
I can't do this without my mom.
Everything in my life is falling apart
I'm behind in life.. Literally all of my peers are doing better than me.
There's no point in trying anymore.
The world would be better without me
I am a terrible person.
What sort of emotions do you experience when you say this thought out loud?
I feel sad
I guess it makes me feel pretty unhappy 
It makes me feel really hopeless.
Devastated 
I feel really angry
Disappointed I guess
What kind of evidence do you have that does not support this statement? For example, if you feel you are a failure, what successes can you mention?
I guess I did get a good grade on my last history assignment.
Well, I did have a couple midterms and I did pretty well on them and I didn't even study
Well I was there for my best friend when she went through her break up.
I have none.
I do know someone who got pregnant right after they graduated and is a single parent.. I am doing better than her.
I did move away from my family when I went to college and I did okay.
How can you write your negative thought in a more realistic and positive tone? You can write it out now.
I am doing my best.
I can make it on my own.
All I have to do is try.
I'm not a terrible person, I'm just a person who makes mistakes.
I'm not a failure. Sometimes I'm going to fail, but if I keep trying, I will succeed.
What type of emotions do you feel when you say this out loud?
I don't feel anything
Excited
Happy
I don't know how I feel..
I guess I feel hopeful.
Would you like to challenge another thought?
No I don't 
Yes I do
I don't want to do this anymore.
Not really
Would you like to talk about your goals or end the conversation?
End the conversation
I'd like to talk about my goals
I don't want to do anything
Discuss my goals
What’s one goal that you have right now?
I want a girlfriend.
I want to start eating healthier.
I'd like to get straight A's in school.
I want a boyfriend.
I would like to lose weight and get into better shape.
I want to get a gym pass.
I want to get good grades in all of my classes
What obstacles have you been facing lately regarding this goal?
I am ugly 
I do not know how to talk to people
I do not know.
I don't have enough money to go to the gym. It costs so much each month, and I don't want to commit and then lose all that money if I don't go.
No boys like me
There's so much work and I don't know where to start.
No girls like me
I literally can't concentrate on anything. I feel useless.
I don't know what you mean.
I've started exercising but I'm not losing any weight. I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
I am fat
I am dumb.
I am stupid.
Everyone hates me
Can you think of some things that could help you overcome these obstacles?
No
Yes
I could go out more
I could kill myself 
I do not know 
I could join a club
I could socialize more
There is nothing I could do
What is there I can do?
What does that have to do with anything?
Nope
Sure
Why?
I could talk to more people
This is why I am coming to you
Screw you
What have you done in the past that has worked for this problem?
Nothing
I started exercising regularly and that really helped.
I've never had this problem before.
Nothing, this is why I am coming to you
You are no help
I went to see a doctor and I was put on medication.
Why don't you tell me?
I got advice from my parents.
I started journaling every day and it helped me process my feelings.
I ended up moving to a new place to start over.
I made meal plans and stuck to them. I would do meal prep on Sundays.
I didn't do anything.
What?
I do not know
I spoke to a therapist and she ended up helping me through my issues.
Isn't that your job?
I didn't really do anything, it just ended up getting better on it's own.
I created a routine for myself and forced myself to stick to it.
I studied a lot, went to office hours, and studied with friends.
I started going out with my friends a lot to distract myself. Eventually it started getting better.
I read this self-help book and it really inspired me.
I asked my friend for help.
I talked to a therapist
I tried to kill myself 
Screw you
If I knew, I would have done that
Do you think that would work for you now?
Yes
No
No, this is why I am coming to you
What a stupid question
Sure
I'm not sure, I guess I could try it.
I do not know
This is stupid
Screw you
Why would it work now?
I guess it could
You could consider seeing a therapist or counsellor to help you come up with ways in which you could achieve your goals. Do you think that could help?
Yes it would
Yes it would, but it is too expensive
It is too expensive
Why would I?
I think it might help, but I don't know where to find one.
I do not want to see a therapist
Therapy is too expensive.
What does a therapist do?
I already go see a therapist every week.
I've tried going to a therapist and they ended up just making it worse.
Yes 
No
I don't really want to talk to someone I don't know about my problems.
No, it would not
I've gone to 6 different therapists and none of them worked for me. I guess I could try again, but I feel like it's hopeless.
This is stupid
What else could help me?
They give me stupid advice
They do not know my problems
I'm already seeing a counselor. We have talked about my goals.
You do not know what you are talking about
I've already tried it and I'm not interested in talking to one again.
They do not care
I'm not really interested in going to see a therapist or counselor.
Screw you
Why?
I was seeing a counselor and they ended up going on leave.
I do not know
Where do I find one?
I have already tried that
Would you like to work on another goal, challenge a negative thought, or end the conversation?
Go away
End
End the conversation
I want more help
Challenge a negative thought
I want another goal
Another goal
Challenge
Please help me
You are no help
Screw you
I would like to work on another goal.
How would this help?
Who are you?
Is there anything else you could do?
No
Yes
Goal
Thought
Negative thought
Who cares
I do not know
What first step could you take to reach your goal?
I could join a club
I could talk to Therapist Jen
I don't know how how to reach my goals.
I feel like there's nothing I can do to achieve it.
I don't know what I could do
I could kill myself 
I could go see a therapist.
I could start doing a little bit of homework each day.
I could stop talking to you.
My friend did it, I guess I could ask her for advice.
I could start making lists of things I need to do every day to get better at time management.
I do not know
I could go to the doctor and see about trying a new medication.
I could find a peer support group.
I could go see what clubs are available to join.
I could go to the gym tomorrow.
I could call my mother
I could talk to my neighbor
I could go outside
I am going to kill my self
I guess I could go out and buy some healthy food to get started.
You are not helping
When could you take that first step?
On wednesday
On thursday
On friday
On Saturday
On Sunday
On monday
On tuesday
Never
Next week
Why
Right now
Next year
I do not know
Tomorrow
I will kill myself later
later
I’d like to ask for your feedback very quickly. How are you feeling now?
Not good. I don't this is helping at all.
I still feel awful. What you're saying is making it worse. 
What?
I feel a lot better
I do not know what to say
Not great, but better than before
Screw you,
You suck.
I am still suicidal.
I feel depressed
I am depressed
I do not know
I'm feeling more hopeful.
I feel like a failure
I guess I feel okay.
No
I wasted my time.
This has been super awful.
This really helped
Nothing changed
I feel sader
I do not know why I tried this
Would you say this has been helpful?
No. 
No. 
Yes, this has been amazing.
Yeah.
It has been really helpful
I guess so.
I don't really know if it helped
I do not know.
Nope
It did not help
It made me worse.
It made me depressed
I made me sad
It made me want to kill myself
It made me feel better
It helped a lot
Yes, thank you
I guess
I guess so.
Sure
A little bit.
Is there anything in particular you want to talk about?
Yes
No
Who are you?
What are you?
Are you a bot?
Are you real?
Who is Jen?
Can you help me?
What is the purpose of this?
Will you help 
