I don't know what to do, I feel very overwhelmed;overwhelmed
My boyfriend just broke up with me;sad
I'm falling behind in school and I feel like I'm a failure;overwhelmed
I feel like I'm losing everyone I care about and I don't know what to do;overwhelmed
I don't know what to do;overwhelmed
My life is falling apart;overwhelmed
I feel so numb. I feel absolutely nothing for anything or anyone. I want everything to go away.;suicidal
I have everything I've ever wanted and I still can't help but feel so empty.;empty
I feel like I'm constantly on the verge of tears. I don't even know why and I feel like I can't really explain it to anyone. I hate it so much.;anxious
I'm so depressed and I feel so exhausted all of the time. I am having trouble even getting up in the morning. Last year was hell and this year doesn't seem like it will be different.;empty
Another friend just abandoned me. He always comes up with excuses when I ask to hangout. He's hanging out with different people and it's so painful. I feel so alone. What is wrong with me?;empty
I am struggling, hard core, with keeping up in school due to my depression. It takes so much out of me to go to school for 5 hours a day, even though I only have class twice a week. I don’t want my grades to slip, but most of my classes require attendance and I’m hardly ever going because I just can’t bring myself to even get out of bed.;sad
I feel really depressed;sad
I've tried everything I can to feel better and nothing is working. I feel so hopeless.;suicidal
For the longest time I've felt like the reason I'm so sad and anxious all the time was because I've never been in a good situation. Now things are looking up: I'm hanging out with friends, I've gotten accepted into trade school, I'm getting the job I want. But amongst all of this good. I still feel empty and afraid.;scared
I don't know who I am anymore.;empty
I feel like nobody cares about me.;sad
It's like I'm in a battle with my mind at all times lately. I sound so stupid, but I physically CANNOT do anything that I need to do. I get up and walk outside my room, look around, sense of dread fills me up after thinking about how my day will play out, back to bed I go.;empty
I feel so hopeless.;empty
I feel so alone right now. I feel like I don't really matter to anyone. I try so hard to be a good person and nice to everyone, but now I'm just starting to doubt that even matters, because I feel like I never get anything back.;sad
I think for a long time I’ve been in denial about my depression and anxiety and have very recently come to terms with it. I guess I don’t really know what I’m trying to get out of this but I just feel like the biggest piece of shit. Nothing makes me happy anymore. I cry myself to sleep every night. I can’t do anything beneficial for myself the littlest things have become chores. Work is the only reason I shower anymore. I just want to lay down and die. I’m just at a complete loss.;anxious
Yeah I guess;nothing
Yep;nothing
Not really;nothing
No I feel really angry;angry
No, I would probably say that's way off. I'm just feeling overwhelmed right now;overwhelmed
I guess so..;empty
My best friend won't talk to me and I don't even know why. The last time we hungout everthing seemed like it was fine, but now she won't text or call me back. I don't know if I did something and it's really stressing me out.;anxious
My best friend passed away at the beginning of the month and this is the first time anyone close to me has died. I feel like I've been on autopilot since then. I have a good friend group and everything, but I feel so empty all of the time. Everything seems dull and lifeless.;empty
My cat died yesterday. I had her for 10 years and I'm just so upset over it. I feel like I'll never have a cat as great as her. She always kept me company and was waiting for me when I got home.;sad
I failed an exam and I feel like I'm behind on all of my other work too.;overwhelmed
Yeah.. like I said, my boyfriend broke up with me;sad
I don't really know. I guess I don't have anything to be upset about.;empty
Not really. I'm so depressed and I literally have no idea why. Nothing seems to make me happy anymore.;sad
My mom died last year and everything has been really different since then.;anxious
I tried to reach out to my ex boyfriend to say sorry for the things I did and he didn't even bother replying. Looking back the message sounds stupid and I really regret sending it.;anxious
Yeah, I've tried pretty much everything.. Exercise, therapy, hanging out with friends... Nothing works. I just feel hopeless.;empty
I phoned a crisis line last week when I was feeling really down.;sad
No, I don't even know where to start. I don't want to be on medication and feel numb to everything. All doctors do is just perscribe you anti-depressants.;nothing
I joined a support group for people going through the same thing, but I found it just made me more upset.;anxious
I don't want any help;angry
I've seen a doctor.;nothing
No, I'm really scared.;scared
Yes I have;nothing
Yes, my parents took me to the doctors but they just perscribed me anti-depressants and they aren't working.;overwhelmed
No, I want to reach out but my parents are super unsupportive. They don't believe in mental illness and think I'm just being ridiculous.;overwhelmed
Yes, nothing helped;nothing
Yes, nothing worked;nothing
I did and it helped for awhile. I talked to a counselor but she went on leave and now I don't have anyone.;sad
No, I don't really know where to start;nothing
I've gotten help in the past but I haven't gotten help recently.;nothing
I've been to a couple different therapists but they have all been very bad.;sad
No;nothing
Yes;nothing
I'm thinking about hurting someone else.;angry
I'm thinking of killing myself tonight;suicidal
Yes, I'm having suicidal thoughts;suicidal
No I haven't thought of suicide;nothing
No, I don't have those thoughts;nothing
All I think about it killing myself.;suicidal
Well I have thoughts about suicide, but I don't plan on going through with anything.;suicidal
I don't know..;empty
I think about it every day.;suicidal
Negative thoughts;nothing
Goals;nothing
Neither;nothing
None;nothing
I feel like I'm a failure;overwhelmed
I can't seem to do anything right.;sad
I'd be better off dead;suicidal
I'm not a good friend and that's why nobody wants to talk to me.;sad
There's no hope for me or my future.;empty
I can't do this without my mom.;overwhelmed
Everything in my life is falling apart;overwhelmed
I'm behind in life.. Literally all of my peers are doing better than me.;overwhelmed
There's no point in trying anymore.;empty
The world would be better without me;suicidal
I am a terrible person.;anxious
I feel sad;sad
I guess it makes me feel pretty unhappy;empty
It makes me feel really hopeless.;empty
Devastated;sad
I feel really angry;angry
Disappointed I guess;sad
I guess I did get a good grade on my last history assignment.;nothing
Well, I did have a couple midterms and I did pretty well on them and I didn't even study;nothing
Well I was there for my best friend when she went through her break up.;nothing
I have none.;sad
I do know someone who got pregnant right after they graduated and is a single parent.. I am doing better than her.;nothing
I did move away from my family when I went to college and I did okay.;nothing
I am doing my best.;nothing
I can make it on my own.;nothing
All I have to do is try.;nothing
I'm not a terrible person, I'm just a person who makes mistakes.;nothing
I'm not a failure. Sometimes I'm going to fail, but if I keep trying, I will succeed.;nothing
I don't feel anything;empty
Excited;nothing
Happy;nothing
I don't know how I feel..;empty
I guess I feel hopeful.;nothing
No I don't;nothing
Yes I do;nothing
I don't want to do this anymore.;sad
Not really;nothing
End the conversation;nothing
I'd like to talk about my goals;nothing
I don't want to do anything;nothing
Discuss my goals;nothing
I want a girlfriend.;nothing
I want to start eating healthier.;nothing
I'd like to get straight A's in school.;nothing
I want a boyfriend.;nothing
I would like to lose weight and get into better shape.;nothing
I want to get a gym pass.;nothing
I want to get good grades in all of my classes;nothing
I am ugly;sad
I do not know how to talk to people;anxious
I do not know.;overwhelmed
I don't have enough money to go to the gym. It costs so much each month, and I don't want to commit and then lose all that money if I don't go.;overwhelmed
No boys like me;sad
There's so much work and I don't know where to start.;overwhelmed
No girls like me;sad
I literally can't concentrate on anything. I feel useless.;empty
I don't know what you mean.;nothing
I've started exercising but I'm not losing any weight. I don't know what I'm doing wrong.;sad
I am fat;sad
I am dumb.;sad
I am stupid.;sad
Everyone hates me;anxious
No;nothing
Yes;nothing
I could go out more;nothing
I could kill myself;suicidal
I do not know;nothing
I could join a club;nothing
I could socialize more;nothing
There is nothing I could do;nothing
What is there I can do?;scared
What does that have to do with anything?;nothing
Nope;nothing
Sure;nothing
Why?;nothing
I could talk to more people;nothing
This is why I am coming to you;nothing
Screw you;angry
Nothing;nothing
I started exercising regularly and that really helped.;nothing
I've never had this problem before.;nothing
Nothing, this is why I am coming to you;nothing
You are no help;nothing
I went to see a doctor and I was put on medication.;nothing
Why don't you tell me?;nothing
I got advice from my parents.;nothing
I started journaling every day and it helped me process my feelings.;nothing
I ended up moving to a new place to start over.;nothing
I made meal plans and stuck to them. I would do meal prep on Sundays.;nothing
I didn't do anything.;sad
What?;nothing
I do not know;nothing
I spoke to a therapist and she ended up helping me through my issues.;nothing
Isn't that your job?;nothing
I didn't really do anything, it just ended up getting better on it's own.;nothing
I created a routine for myself and forced myself to stick to it.;nothing
I studied a lot, went to office hours, and studied with friends.;nothing
I started going out with my friends a lot to distract myself. Eventually it started getting better.;nothing
I read this self-help book and it really inspired me.;nothing
I asked my friend for help.;nothing
I talked to a therapist;nothing
I tried to kill myself;suicidal
Screw you;angry
If I knew, I would have done that;nothing
Yes;nothing
No;nothing
No, this is why I am coming to you;nothing
What a stupid question;angry
Sure;nothing
I'm not sure, I guess I could try it.;nothing
I do not know;nothing
This is stupid;angry
Screw you;angry
Why would it work now?;sad
I guess it could;nothing
Yes it would;nothing
Yes it would, but it is too expensive;nothing
It is too expensive;nothing
Why would I?;sad
I think it might help, but I don't know where to find one.;nothing
I do not want to see a therapist;nothing
Therapy is too expensive.;nothing
What does a therapist do?;nothing
I already go see a therapist every week.;nothing
I've tried going to a therapist and they ended up just making it worse.;sad
Yes;nothing
No;nothing
I don't really want to talk to someone I don't know about my problems.;anxious
No, it would not;nothing
I've gone to 6 different therapists and none of them worked for me. I guess I could try again, but I feel like it's hopeless.;empty
This is stupid;angry
What else could help me?;anxious
They give me stupid advice;angry
They do not know my problems;sad
I'm already seeing a counselor. We have talked about my goals.;nothing
You do not know what you are talking about;nothing
I've already tried it and I'm not interested in talking to one again.;nothing
They do not care;sad
I'm not really interested in going to see a therapist or counselor.;nothing
Screw you;angry
Why?;nothing
I was seeing a counselor and they ended up going on leave.;sad
I do not know;nothing
Where do I find one?;nothing
I have already tried that;nothing
Go away;angry
End;nothing
End the conversation;nothing
I want more help;nothing
Challenge a negative thought;nothing
I want another goal;nothing
Another goal;nothing
Challenge;nothing
Please help me;nothing
You are no help;angry
Screw you;angry
I would like to work on another goal.;nothing
How would this help?;nothing
Who are you?;nothing
Is there anything else you could do?;nothing
No;nothing
Yes;nothing
Goal;nothing
Thought;nothing
Negative thought;nothing
Who cares;empty
I do not know;nothing
I could join a club;nothing
I could talk to Therapist Jen;nothing
I don't know how how to reach my goals.;sad
I feel like there's nothing I can do to achieve it.;empty
I don't know what I could do;nothing
I could kill myself;suicidal
I could go see a therapist.;nothing
I could start doing a little bit of homework each day.;nothing
I could stop talking to you.;angry
My friend did it, I guess I could ask her for advice.;nothing
I could start making lists of things I need to do every day to get better at time management.;nothing
I do not know;nothing
I could go to the doctor and see about trying a new medication.;nothing
I could find a peer support group.;nothing
I could go see what clubs are available to join.;nothing
I could go to the gym tomorrow.;nothing
I could call my mother;nothing
I could talk to my neighbor;nothing
I could go outside;nothing
I am going to kill my self;suicidal
I guess I could go out and buy some healthy food to get started.;nothing
You are not helping;sad
On wednesday;nothing
On thursday;nothing
On friday;nothing
On Saturday;nothing
On Sunday;nothing
On monday;nothing
On tuesday;nothing
Never;nothing
Next week;nothing
Why;nothing
Right now;nothing
Next year;nothing
I do not know;nothing
Tomorrow;nothing
I will kill myself later;suicidal
later;nothing
Not good. I don't this is helping at all.;sad
I still feel awful. What you're saying is making it worse.;overwhelmed
What?;nothing
I feel a lot better;nothing
I do not know what to say;nothing
Not great, but better than before;nothing
Screw you;angry
You suck.;angry
I am still suicidal.;suicidal
I feel depressed;sad
I am depressed;sad
I do not know;nothing
I'm feeling more hopeful.;nothing
I feel like a failure;sad
I guess I feel okay.;nothing
No;nothing
I wasted my time.;angry
This has been super awful.;angry
This really helped;nothing
Nothing changed;nothing
I feel sader;sad
I do not know why I tried this;nothing
No.;nothing
No.;nothing
Yes, this has been amazing.;nothing
Yeah.;nothing
It has been really helpful;nothing
I guess so.;nothing
I don't really know if it helped;nothing
I do not know.;nothing
Nope;nothing
It did not help;nothing
It made me worse.;sad
It made me depressed;sad
I made me sad;sad
It made me want to kill myself;suicidal
It made me feel better;nothing
It helped a lot;nothing
Yes, thank you;nothing
I guess;nothing
I guess so.;nothing
Sure;nothing
A little bit.;nothing
Yes;nothing
No;nothing
Who are you?;nothing
What are you?;nothing
Are you a bot?;nothing
Are you real?;nothing
Who is Jen?;nothing
Can you help me?;nothing
What is the purpose of this?;nothing
Will you help;nothing 